Marry me.
I'll make you happy.
What's with the smug look?
S-Smugging!
Smugging, really...
Did something good happen?
Huh?
W-Well, uh...
Gee, I wonder.
You're like an open book.
Say, Rhan...
What do you think
finding happiness is all about?
For starters, happiness means
different things to different people.
To some, it means food on the table.
To others, it means books on their shelf.
Some say doing your best is all that matters.
And some are only content
overcoming hurdles in their path.
Some take happiness in the joy of others,
and some, unfortunately,
revel in others' sorrow.
I must say I wasn't expecting
a thesis in response.
That said, most do not realize
these things about themselves.
They do not know what brings them happiness.
Still, they all keep talking about
their desire for happiness.
One day, such people may learn
they were blessed all along,
but they can never seize their own happiness.
In the end, what matters is
listening to your heart's advice.
Does that answer your question?
WorldEnd: What do you do at the end of the
world? Are you busy? Will you save us?
O-Oh, god...
I can't look Willem in the eye.
How was I hitting on this guy
up until yesterday?
I don't remember it at all!
If I asked to kiss him again,
would he accept this time?
Yeah, it should work.
I mean, he proposed to me.
We're practically a couple now.
I'll give it a shot later.
Yeah, sounds good. I'll do that!
Wh-What's with that reaction?
Quit blushing! You're making me blush!
Uh, listen...
Y-Yeah?
About yesterday's you-know-what...
Y-Yeah.
I, uh, fully intend to keep my promise.
I'll spend the rest of my
life making you happ—
There you two are!
This way!
Relax.
I promised, didn't I?
I'll be with you forever!
Boss, where do you want me to put this?
Oh, just put it over there.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
What's this?
The forces of the visitor Elq Hrqstn.
Elq?
According to legend,
this world was once home to gods.
But they attacked the humans,
in a bid to wipe them out.
The one at the top is Carminelake,
the middle one is Jadenail,
and the last one is, uh...
Eboncandle.
Yeah, that's it!
Of course you'd know.
Well, I did fight him myself.
Dude, you're trying way too hard.
I should've asked them what happened
with the war after we took each other out.
Yeah, yeah.
All right. Let me guide you
to your destination.
Hey, it's Pops!
Sis! Pops is finally back!
I don't have the right to say,
"I'm home" now, do I?
Ship sailing the starry sky.
Light in the palm of the hand.
Clay doll walking on all fours.
Something feels weird.
Bottomless water bucket.
Like something is calling me...
Underground?
What is it?
Something wrong, missy?
Wh-Wh-Wh-What is that?!
A m-monster!
That much is obvious, fool!
What I want to know is... Hold it!
D-Don't l-leave me... Th-This is scary—
Timere?
Ow...
Looks like we fell quite far...
A massive cave was beneath Gomag City?
Why?
Chtholly?
Willem...
What's wrong with you?
You know your body can't take this!
No big deal...
Hey, you okay?
Yeah.
We should probably get out of here at once.
How?
This seems to be the underground ruins
where that moron sent a squad.
Look at the markers.
They should lead us to the exit.
If the path hasn't caved in
somewhere, that is.
Too bad. I could've just flown out before.
No need to worry. I'll keep you safe.
I'd rather be the one keeping you safe.
Don't be like that.
Guardians have the right,
and duty, to guard their charges.
Who are you calling your charge?
I'm now, uh, your...
wi...
Where's this stench coming from?
Is this it?
Is that the squad?
Yeah, this is awful.
These messed-up wounds are
definitely a timere's work.
If it's nearby, then we're in trouble...
Timere... One of the beasts
that destroyed the world.
If they were really humans all along,
then the ones who did this...
Elq...
Yeah, okay.
You want me to go there?
Got it.
What's wrong, Chtholly?
I'll be right there.
H-Hey...
Ch-Chtholly!
Missy!
Oh, come on!
What's going on?
Prepare to take off at once!
We can't! Shaft 3's been done in!
I'm a veteran first-grade technical officer.
I can fix that in my sleep!
I'm telling you to be ready
to leave once I'm done!
Y-Yes, sir!
Hey! Welcome back!
Same to you. Where's Rhan?
Keeping watch over there.
Can we call it a day now?
Haven't we taken out enough?
You really think we can?
I really do want this to end
before more people get hurt.
I hope Chtholly, Grick, and that TO
get back in one piece.
Yeah.
Moron! Leave that crap behind!
But I went to all that trouble!
We don't have time for this!
Our lives are more important!
"Our lives are more important," huh?
Wise words.
I don't really understand them, though.
You must be tired, so get some rest.
Guess I'll do my job and guard
everyone's lives and futures!
Chtholly!
Hey, Chtholly!
Willem?
Yeah, it's me... Get a grip!
Don't lose sight of yourself!
Holy cow!
I never thought I'd see two of these
within a borgle's short lifespan...
Ouch! She's been stabbed clean through.
Is that Seniorious's hex?
What?
You know how fairytales have curses
that can turn people into frogs and stuff?
This is similar.
A curse that can turn anyone,
god or immortal, into a corpse.
A world-altering ability
exclusive to the holy sword Seniorious.
If it was used on her,
then she must've been no ordinary child.
Chtholly?
Chtholly!
Crap!
Let's take the missy and bail!
Yeah.
Chtholly, we're leaving.
Try to stay in control of yourself.
Chtholly...
I promise to save you.
Willem...
Yeah, I'm right here.
I'll always be here with you.
Listen, I...
Chtholly?
What's wrong, Chtholly?
This way, Willem! Hurry up!
Chtholly? Hey, Chtholly...
Talk to me, please!
Gah!
Even the pressure valves are blown!
What? Is the ship done for, then?
I'm not about to die here!
Bring me every last thing
I could use to repair this!
I haven't brought happiness
to anyone in my entire life.
That's why I wanted to make you girls...
I wanted to make you happy...
So why did things end up like this?
Missy...
I just want to be with them.
I see... I'm sure that would
make them feel a lot better.
I'm sorry. I couldn't do
more than bring her back.
It wasn't anyone's fault.
No one was in the wrong.
We were all just walking on very thin ice.
Where am I?
For the one... I love.
Love?
For that reason alone,
I'm here trying to slay a god.
Even I know that it's stupid...
But I don't have a choice.
I mean, he's the walking definition of stupid.
So I have to act on these stupid ideas
before he has them.
Because Willem's a complete and utter moron.
Goodbye...
And rest in peace!
What was that?
Welcome back, Chtholly.
I know you. I've met you before.
There's something I wanna tell you!
What is it?
A long time ago,
a race called "humanity" was
trying to destroy the world.
To prevent that,
the poteaus, three gods who
were watching over the world,
led an army to wipe out humanity.
But they failed.
Because a human brave
killed their master first.
No one could stop the humans now.
They turned into beasts
and destroyed everything.
What was the master's name?
Elq Hrqstn!
The last of the visitors,
who died as a child.
And that's your name?
It's also the name of your soul.
Fairies are made from the soul of a kid
who was too young to realize she was dead.
Ever since Lillia killed me back then,
I've been dreaming.
A dream of being like her,
putting my life on the line
and fighting for those I love.
And that's what I am?
That's what all of you leprechauns are.
What will happen to me?
You already know, don't you?
No dream lasts forever.
And it's quickly forgotten,
until nothing remains of it?
It's all right.
You made it back here just in time.
Rhan!
Thanks.
Man, I'm beat...
Do you want to switch with Nephren?
Nah, she's kinda preoccupied.
Besides, we've probably taken out
all the timere in the area by now.
By the way, Nopht...
How does your body feel?
Oh, super great, for some reason.
And Desperatio's doing
exactly what I want, too!
Same here.
In which case,
could these be the effects
of that dubious massage?
Ah...
So that man wasn't just touching us
all over for perverted reasons.
Wow, mean...
You really hate him, huh?
I simply haven't accepted him as readily.
Break time is over, it seems.
Okay, okay.
Given the shape I'm in today,
I could take another ten or twenty, easy!
How about a hundred or two?
That's a bit too much...
Is that so? Unfortunate.
It appears we must prepare for the worst.
Yeah, sure does.
This sucks.
In the end, I couldn't get around to it.
Get around to what?
I wanted to talk to Chtholly more.
Even getting into a fight would've done.
I got another chance, and I wasted it again.
Indeed.
All right...
Emergency repairs finished.
Power up the circuits!
Roger that.
Take aim!
Fire!
Captain!
Get back.
We're the only ones who can kill beasts.
B-But...
This is our battlefield.
Here, "kill or be killed" applies to us alone.
You...
You got hurt protecting us?
H-Hey!
Hurry up... Run.
I won't be able to hold them off
for much longer.
Three's too damaged to stay on the grid!
Two and six are fine!
Reroute the load to them!
Oh, for crying out loud!
I've only flown small ships!
Chtholly, I...
I really...
Maybe you didn't really
care about her at all.
You couldn't stop Lillia from fighting.
So you used her, another wielder
of Seniorious, as a substitute.
You couldn't keep your promise to Almaria.
So you made another promise with her instead.
You never really saw her for who she was.
And you kept treating her like a child
so you'd have an excuse
to not take her seriously.
That isn't true! I wanted Chtholly to...
It is true! I wanted Al and the others to...
I'll make you happy.
I failed to fulfill my promise again.
Are you one of the so-called beasts?
Sucks to be you.
Right now,
I'm extremely pissed off, and I
need someone to take it out on.
There's hardly anything left of you now.
You mind and body have been almost entirely
replaced by mine.
I'm glad you made it here
before you disappeared completely.
Your joys, your sorrows,
and your love for someone...
You still remember them a little, don't you?
Yeah.
Only a little, though.
It's all right, then. You're still you!
Wi... lle...
Final Episode
Chtholly
Final Episode:
Chtholly.